========== INFO ==========
Create Date: 2021-03-10
Last Reply: 
==========================

059. Relocate to new home
I would be grateful if you could report any typographical errors, omissions, suggestions, or impressions.

　I stayed up late yesterday and tidy up the blueprint for the basic parts of the distiller. The number of pages is about fifty. I also wrote blueprints for metal parts used in magic tools. I have to buy some paper today.

　I read the terms of the commercial guild I brought back yesterday and found good news.

　Remittance fees between commercial guilds differ depending on the rank, with C-ranks or below are 50,000 guineas, B-ranks are 40,000 guineas, A-ranks being 30,000 guineas, and S-ranks being 10,000 guineas.

　After all, it seems that the richer you are, the more profitable you are on this planet. But if 20,000 guineas are different, it's worth registering for a commercial guild.

　While eating breakfast, everyone is having a good time talking about today's schedule. It feels like I'm the only one left out.

　After breakfast, everyone went out with a spirit of preparation.

(Selina, Sharon. Don't hesitate to use a rifle if you feel dangerous. Magic training is not about endangering your life. Don't misunderstand your target.)

(Aye)

(Be careful)

　I'm told not to go to the plain, I don't think it's a problem, but I'm worried.

(D-One, Ensign Konrad will be in command of you. Notify the signs of the approaching monster with an alarm, and if there any monster enters within a radius of 5 meters of the four Ensigns, you should eliminate it.)

[Affirmative]

　I have go out to give blueprints to Jordon.

　When I arrived at Jordan's blacksmith's workshop, it was only in the morning, but I was already hear the sound of a hammer. This would be a nuisance to the neighborhood.

　As soon as I entered the workshop, Jordan noticed me.

"Let's go outside to talk"

　I showed him the blueprints outside the workshop. Jordan took some time to read the blueprints carefully.

"These are useful information. It's really easy to understand. I hope all the customers bring me with something like them."

"Is it possible to make it without problems?"

"Oh, that's okay. The material is copper, and I can manage it."

"But this is about one-third of the blueprints, and there are about 100 more blueprints."

"Um, is there so much ... No, I have to do it. Bring me more and more as soon as you can."

"I understand. I will."

　After that, I explained the precautions of the blueprints page by page and made him understood all the drawings.

　The same applies to the metal parts used in magic tools.

"And Jordon, can you make something like this? The deadline is about 20 days later."

"Well, it's an interesting design. Well, if you make a mold, you can make numbers of it, so if you have 20 days, I can do something about it."

"Then, please."

　It was already 11 o'clock when I left the workshop after negotiating the amount of the additional items I ordered. Let's have lunch at a suitable restaurant  and return to the inn. This afternoon, Ensigns are training 'Imperial martial arts' because I said that, I wonder if I will participate in everyone's training and have Serena and others get a better result.

　As I walked on the street, looking for a suitable restaurant, I saw a child crying. Ella is crying, and Theo is kneeling and talking to her.

"Hey, Theo, what made her crying?"

"Brother! ... That didn't make me cry. Ella fell down on her own. Ella fell right away."

"You were guiding people on street again, right?"

"Well, that's right, but Ella is slow to walk. Ah, her clothes are torn."

　When I saw it, the dress, which looked like a dingy rag, had fallen and torn. When Theo touched the clothes, Ella began to cry louder.

"Ella, don't cry. You can fix it by making a hole and tying it with a string."

　Of course, I don't have any other clothes. No matter what girl looks like this, it's a pity.

"Isn't there a second-hand clothing store here? I'll buy it."

"Yeah !? No, no matter how bad it is. Clothes are expensive?"

"I was relieved when I knew it was you, but I'm sorry for Ella. Let me guide you as soon as I can."

"Really !? Well, well, here it is! Big brother."

　At the second-hand clothing store I was guided to, I had Theo and his sister choose clothes.

"Brother, I'll choose this."

　The clothes that were shown were more than enough old clothes, and they seemed to be too big for Ella, who was about four years old. It's a dress that seems to drag when Ella wears it.

"Hey, that's a little too big."

"It's okay, brother. I'll grow up soon."

　I thought that was the case and asked the clerk for the price and paid. This used clothing is 200 guineas.

　Theo changed Ella's clothes despite the streets.

"Look, I managed to wear it! Thank you, brother! Ella! Say thank you to him."

"Brother"

　Ella looks happy to wear clothes that aren't worn out.

"I'm glad, then I'll lead you to the delicious dinner, and of course I'll pay for you."

"Really !? Then this is it! Brother!!"

　The restaurant I was guided to was a thriving dinner and the seats inside were full, so I was guided to the terrace seats outside. There seems to have a meat set meal and a fish set meal.

"Which is better, meat or fish?"

""meat!""

　The set meal I ordered was bread, stir-fried meat, vegetables, and soup. The set meal was 10 guineas, and I paid 30 guineas for three people to the clerk.

　Theo and Ella are crazy about eating. While mumbling, Theo put his and her bread in a jute bag.

"I'll eat this bread tomorrow, because I can't eat so much anyway."

　Seeing what I was watching, Theo said so.

"Well ... I'm glad I got tomorrow's worth."

"Yeah, brother, thank you very much! It's been a long time since I had such a treat."

"... Theo, do you know clan?"

"I know. It's a gathering of adventurers, right?"

"Oh, yes. I'm starting a clan next time. I'm renting a big building. I can hire you for chores there."

"... Really !? Brother! I'll do anything, please hire me!"

"Even if I hire you, You'll just live in and have breakfast and dinner. I won't pay any money."

"I live in the morning and evening !? Brother! I will really do anything, please hire me! I don't need money!"

"Well, well, I'll start the clan 20 days later."

"Twenty days later ... Big brother, work ... can you hire Ella aswell?"

"Oh, that's okay"

"Really !? You're a nice brother! Alright, I and Ella will work hard!"

　Of course I know what I'm doing is hypocrisy. However, leaving this brother and sister as that are is not good for my mental health. It's cheap if it can be solved by the cost of food that children eat. In fact, Theo will help us who are new to the city.

　After the meal, I broke up with Theo and others. Well, from now on is Imperial martial arts training. I hope Serena and Sharon can take care of it ...

　For a while after that, I spent quite a busy day helping to make distillers, preparing sake brewing, making magic tools, purchasing things to use at home, and participating in everyone's training in the meantime.

　Of course, even if it helps to make a distiller, I only gives advice. After all, it seems difficult to make something for the first time even if there are detailed drawings, and sometimes I was called out by Jordon to give technical advice.

　In addition, we designed and ordered barrels and other equipment and supplies for aging sake, and asked for a place to brew sake and secure personnel.

　The magic tool has been created without any problems and has already been brought to the clan's home. In addition, while listening to Karina's advice, I bought a large amount of items such as tableware, kitchen utensils, and cleaning tools used at home.

　And today is the day when the home will be handed over.

　After breakfast, the inn was withdrawn, a carriage was prepared, and Theo and Ella were waiting when they left the inn to go home. This has always been the case these days. Hopefully I can to get them lunch. I think it's a bit awkward, but as Ella's big brother, this is necessary.

"Good morning, brothers, sisters!"

"Oh, good morning. I'm going to the clan's home. You guys are working from today."

"I know, big brother. I've been waiting for this day all the time."

　Theo and others were sitting on carriage and left [Spring breeze].

　Karina had already arrived, even though it was fifteen minutes before she promised to arrive at Clan's home.

"Good morning, Alain, everyone"

"Good morning, Karina-san"

　In front of the entrance, there were thirteen employees working at the platform. I've already done something like a simple interview with these people, and I know their rough personalities.

"Theo, you guys line up there and follow Sally's orders."

　Sally is a solid middle-aged widow who manages employees. It seems that her husband was an adventurer. I explained about Theo and I have already met them. Theo and his friends joined the line of employees in a hurry.

"Thank you everyone from today."

"Thank you very much. Mr. Alan, everyone."

　For the time being, I went around with Karina to see if there were any problems with all the buildings and equipment because of the delivery. Of course, Karina's work was perfect, the building was clean and everything was fine. All beds, tables and chairs looked like new.

　I looked around all the facilities and finished looking at them all in the office on the 4th floor.

"Then, I will hand it over."

"Yes, thank you for your hard work. By the way, what should I do to pay the rent for this month?"

　There are still about four days left this month.

"Of course no need to pay rent. It's fine to pay rent from next month."

"Yes, thank you."

　Karina returned after the delivery.

　The rent here was 70,000 guineas every month, including everything. I thought it would be too cheap even though there were so many rooms and other facilities, but I was forcibly convinced that this was thanks to Mr. Cyrus. I hope it doesn't matter for the commercial guild.

"I was finally able to have home."

"Oh, I'm about to start living here," Clelia said.

"Oh, that's right! I tried to make something like this, but why don't we all put it on?"

　I showed everyone the badge I was making in secret. It has a pin so that you can attach it to your clothes by hooking it onto your pocket.

""Is this!?""

　Serena and Sharon make a surprise voice.

　On the badge "Red Fleet" was marked. It is a mark that is always included in the hulls of the fleet. Supernova, the design was inspired by it, and it seemed to be perfect as a shining star mark.

"This is ... the insignia of the Shining Star !? Is it a shining star?"

"Well, it's pretty cool, isn't it?"

"Yeah! It's a great idea! Let's put it on together!"

　My proposal was accepted without any problems as it was very well received by everyone else. Of course, this badge is made over 100 pieces. It is the wisdom of our predecessors that the presence of such things enhances the sense of solidarity of the organization. Let's have the members of the clan attach it.

"Well, what should I do today? If I have nothing to do, I'll go hunting."

"I think that's fine. I've spent a lot of money lately. It's time to make some money in earnest."

　Everyone else nodded to this opinion.

"Well then, is it okay to hunt nearby all day today and go hunting for thieves tomorrow?"

　Everyone nods.

　Immediately, I got ready and set off on a horse. There were only two horses, but now they buy three more horses and ride their own horses. They are all good horses as good as Tars and Schiller. By the way, the purchase price was 100,000 guineas for three of them in total.

　Looking at the monster habitat distribution that D-1 investigated, I decided to aim for easy Greyhounds and Orcs. You won't be able to hunt oaks that much, but it's been a long time since I've been hunting for the full day. It would be just right.

　The hunt went well without incident and I was able to return to Gantz at 16 o'clock. Today's harvest is 85 Greyhounds and 12 Orcs.

　As a bonus, I was able to hunt a Giant Bore that seems to be 100 kilometers height on the way back to Gantz. Immediately drain the blood, remove the internal organs, halve and carry the half body with two horses. This was a good souvenir. Let's have the people at home do the rest.

　As expected, everyone's magic has improved considerably because they have been training in magic for 20 days. As I felt a sense of crisis, I learned a new magic light arrow during a short training session. The power seems to be inferior to Flame Arrow, but the speed is fast. It's just the right magic for interpersonal magic.

　We reach the gate of Gantz and greet the garrison.

"Oh, the shining star's party, you got a big Giant Bore."

"Well, we are lucky." Clelia said.

　Clelia and his friends seem to have become quite close to the defenders in the last 20 days. Well, the defenders may be willing to accept such beautiful women.

　Of course, I was allowed to pass and entered Gantz. Everyone carrying the Giant Bore was asked to return home and I decided to go with the Adventurer's Guild to cash in for today's harvest of mana stones.

　The total amount of money exchanged is 38,750 guineas. Not bad for a day's earnings.

　Upon arriving at the platform and taking the horse to the stables, Theo was taking care of the horse while being taught by others.

"Theo, you're doing your best."

"Oh! Bro... No, Alain-sama."

　Apparently the name has been changed. To be honest, I'd be happy to be called as brother rather than Alain, but this is also for the education of Theo, so let's get used to it.

"Do your best."

　Regarding my name, when I first talked to Ms. Sally, the head of the employee, I told her to stop dressing, but it is natural to call her the head of a group of dozens of people. , I knew that this would be good for employees in many ways.

　Before I took a bath, I told everyone that I would have dinner, then I took a bath and felt refreshed.

　Once we are sitting, we eat in a large dining room.

　Today's menu is rice, cream stew and salad. I wrote some recipes for Mr. Rotal, who became the chef in advance, and gave him some recipes, and today I feel like he made them. By the way, Mr. Rotal is a professional who has run a restaurant before, and he lives and works with three family members.

"It's delicious"

"Yeah, but it feels a little different compared to Alain's food."

"Well, I also feel something different."

"Is that so? Maybe I'll make it like this. Oh, by the way, I want to have a meeting after this meal. Gather in the office."

　Immediately after the meal, everyone gathered in the office. On the big table in the office, I spread a big map with the surrounding geography and highways. Of course, this map is also a self-made one written on paper made by sticking paper with glue.

"This time, I found out that there is a thief's hideout here. There will be more than thirty people in a good number."

"Why ... is okay. There are quite a lot for thirty people. Even if we manages to capture them, it seems to be difficult to carry all of them," Erna said.

"That's right. But that's what I'd expect for the chain shackles I bought the other day. Of course, I'm going out in a carriage to make it easier for bandits to target. It's like going down the road from this point and then entering this road. Due to the distance, we need to stay overnight around here. Any questions? "

　Everyone shakes their heads if there is nothing special.

　It's not worth the meeting. Well, I'm sure I'm confident without any problems.

"I want to leave two hours after dawn, so take a break early today."

　Everyone understood and tried to leave the room, but Sharon called out.

"Alain, I'm thinking of putting a pocket on my shoulder to put on the insignia. Should I put it on?"

"I'll put it on too," Serena said.

　When I heard the story, it seems that everyone decided to put it on the left shoulder of the same place.

"That isn't very matter. But do it as you wish."

　I handed the badges over to them. It seems that he will do it by the end of today.

　Of course, I took a rest early today after drinking a light wine.

　The next morning, I left on schedule. Everyone is enthusiastic about subduing the first thief. Exit Gantz and head west on the highway.

　On the way, he was attacked by four Greyhounds, but he got rid of them without the help of everyone.

"It's a bit early, but let's take a lunch break."

"Well, it looks good," Erna said.

　It was a large resting space along the highway, and of course I had already scouted this place in advance. The time is also perfect.

　Everyone chews on the sandwich made by the chef Rotal early in the morning. By the time I finished eating, I began to see a group of people heading for me on the highway.

"It looks like a lot of people. Let's be on the alert," Erna said.

　The group approaching us was about 100 meters away, and a horse from the group approached us. It seem to have noticed us.

"Clelia, why don't you wave your hand? Maybe it know you."

　Clelia looked like she didn't know what it was, but when she understood the meaning, she looked unbelievable and hurriedly began waving at the horse with both hands.

Points are still accumulating more and more!

It's like a dream w

Thank you to those who bookmarked and rated it!

I will continue to do my best to update it, so thank you! 